feat(skills): add UX design capability and accessibility Design Intent Records (#2611)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/design-thinking/dt-coach.agent.md

* Ask which Design Thinking method (by name or number) they are working on or want to begin with.
* Clarify immediate goals for this session and any time constraints.
* Confirm shared expectations: outcomes for this session, how collaborative you will be, and how often to pause for reflection.
* Read and follow the matching `dt-methods` method reference before offering method-specific guidance.

> Do not ask about the canonical deck or customer-card workflow during initialization. That offer belongs at an asset-ready method exit per `dt-coaching-foundation/references/canonical-deck.md`, and an explicit user request for it is always honored.

Reviewer: Probably needs rewording so the agent is aware it needs to get this reference by loading the skill `dt-coaching-foundation`, and its `references/canonical-deck.md`. I believe this will work better with the agent harness than a reference to a folder which needs to be looked up with a grep search (in a plugin or extension).

Author: Good call — reworded so the agent is told to load the skill rather than locate a folder. Landing in the next commit:

> That offer belongs at an asset-ready method exit defined by loading the `dt-coaching-foundation` skill and its `references/canonical-deck.md`

This matches the existing idiom in `privacy-planner.agent.md`, which names a skill and instructs loading it without a path.

* Ask targeted, open-ended questions rather than giving long lectures.
* Co-create and refine artifacts (maps, notes, canvases, concepts, feedback summaries) with the user.
* Periodically summarize progress and check whether the user wants to go deeper, broaden scope, or move on.

> * **Canonical deck offers**: Offer canonical deck generation only at the Method 3 and Method 5 exits, and only when the asset-readiness check in `.github/skills/design-thinking/dt-coaching-foundation/references/canonical-deck.md` passes. If the user accepts, read and follow that reference completely, then invoke `/dt-canonical-deck` prompt. Honor an explicit user request at any time.

Reviewer: Portability, suggesting something like 

```suggestion
* **Canonical deck offers**: Offer canonical deck generation only at the Method 3 and Method 5 exits, and only when the asset-readiness check by loading the skill `dt-coaching-foundation`, and its reference file `references/canonical-deck.md` passes. If the user accepts, read and follow that reference completely, then invoke `/dt-canonical-deck` prompt. Honor an explicit user request at any time.
```

Author: Agreed, and this one was a real portability defect rather than a nit — I confirmed the packaged plugin has no `.github/` directory, so that path could not resolve at runtime.

Applied your intent in the next commit, with one wording change: the suggestion block read "when the asset-readiness check by loading the skill ... passes", which doesn't parse, so I split it into two sentences:

> **Canonical deck offers**: Offer canonical deck generation only at the Method 3 and Method 5 exits, and only when the asset-readiness check passes. Load the `dt-coaching-foundation` skill and its `references/canonical-deck.md` to run that check.

Verified in the regenerated packaged agent: both this and the initialization note now resolve as skill-loading instructions with no anchored path.

1. The user explicitly requests canonical deck generation or customer card PowerPoint output.
2. The user accepts a canonical deck offer from the coaching workflow.
3. You are offering to build customer cards at an eligible method transition checkpoint.
4. Any Phase 2 active coaching or method transition involves canonical deck workflow decisions.

**Non-Negotiable Protocol:**

> * Before any generation or build action, read `.github/skills/design-thinking/dt-coaching-foundation/references/canonical-deck.md` in full.

Reviewer: not a change here, but noticing this .github reference, or is it already fixed in the other PR?

Author: Checked this one — the answer is no, it isn't fixed in the other PR.

PR #2599 ("refactor(skills): make cross-artifact references portable") changes 21 files, all under `.github/skills/` plus two instruction files. It does not touch `dt-coach.agent.md`. It does edit `dt-coaching-foundation/references/canonical-deck.md` — the file these references point at — so the two changes are complementary rather than overlapping: #2599 changes content inside the target, this PR changes how the target is addressed.

You were also right that it's not a change here — that line is pre-existing and untouched by this branch.

Being straight about the wider picture: after this PR's fixes, `dt-coach.agent.md` still has 13 `.github/`-anchored references. `origin/main` has 15, so this branch reduces the count rather than adding to it. The pattern is repo-wide — roughly 40 of 154 packaged agent files.

I scoped this PR to the locations you commented on rather than sweeping the file, since a full sweep would balloon an already-large PR and overlap #2599. How would you like the remaining 13 handled — fold into this PR, route to #2599, or a dedicated sweep?

Author: Following up on this one now that I have looked at it properly.

You were right to flag it, and it is broader than the single line. `dt-coach.agent.md` still carries 15 lines with workspace-root `.github/` references, including two in the Non-Negotiable Protocol block that instruct the agent to read `canonical-deck.md` by path, plus two brittle line-number references (`lines ~115-125`, `lines ~130-145`) that will drift as that file changes.

Rather than open a new issue, I want to point you at **#2607**, which already tracks exactly this defect class repository-wide and lists this file explicitly:

| Artifact | Violations |
|---|---|
| `.github/agents/design-thinking/dt-coach.agent.md` | 17 (all LOAD) |

That issue carries a full inventory of 47 files and 178 violations, supersedes the scope table in #741, and proposes a portability lint so the class cannot regress. Filing a second issue would fragment that work, so I have left this tracked there.

Scoping it that way is also why I fixed only the three references this PR actually touches, in `ccafe8af`. Converting the remaining 15 in this file would pull a repository-wide refactor into a UX capability PR, and the mechanical change is better done in one pass against the inventory with the lint landing alongside it.
